Phone
#blog

So the nostalgia is nice to have about phones. There were so many phones I wanted to have but couldn’t get due to lack of money for it. Coming from the middle class family in india didn’t allow me to have any of the desirable phones that I wanted. I had always wanted a phone even since I lay my hands on my fathers Nokia phone with an antenna. Although there was no justification to have it other than the feel good factor but I still wasted so many hours of my time in young age doing research of which phone is better and what price point. I would daydream about it. Later on I would waste a lot of my importime time at the expense of my study in deciding which phones to buy even if I was devoid of the funding to buy it.

I had promised my father that I would use only 1 phone during the course of my 4 year graduation program. But later on as I had access to money and saved enough, I switched my phone more than 4 times during graduation and still I was not satisfied.

Later on as I started my job at the age of 22, I wanted an iPhone as it was all the hype but it was still a lot expensive than my salary so I didn’t buy it. Rather I always went after a value for money phone. After some time, I also bought used and cheaper old generation phones which I always wanted like Samsung Note 3 with a stylus and enjoyed the time with it.

Then as I progressed in my job, I didn’t have much time left to put into the latest trends in smartphones. I kept with whatever I thought was good enough value for money phone and then went with it. Because of that, when one of my phone got stolen and few of them got damaged with broken screen due to my carelessness, I wasn’t too heartbroken because they were cheap. And thus I kept buying such phones and searching for deals and squeezing more out of it.

Cut to the current time, 4 years after my marriage and at the age of 32, I’m using iphone 12 mini from almost 3 years as my wife insisted me to buy it as a gift for myself. Before that I was using my friends' Samsung phone which I got from him for 50% off because of its broken screen.

So I was good with this iphone because I liked compact phones and also I got it for 38k as I bought it at the time when iphone 14 was just released. And due to increased time balancing now between work and home and personal time,  I had came to a conclusion that I need to reduce my screen time and see it as a utility and tool rather than as a toy. But I still have to probably change it again due to my wife’s insistence as she sees that I spend some of my time trying to optimise it as its battery life has been reduced to 80% and storage also filled till 90%. Although I would take time to agree to this, I think she's not totally wrong. 

The research mode is on for which phone to buy but I’m hesitating to spend too much money on phone again as I’m sure I want to reduce my screen time and focus more on other aspect of my life like growth at work or being better as human being and in family relationships. I’m obviously not using it as a reason to update the phone because even if my mind is free from this phone optimisation, there’s very good chance that I will rather find something else to occupy my mind than work on the things that matter more. My spouse suggests (joke = good things always and I should listen to her instead of regretting later and saying she was right. She even took my phone many times just to specify this was a joke. Talk about preciseness in her. ) 
